(Congressman Na Gi Chul is alive.)
(Episode 23)
(A shocking video clip is widespread online.)
Fellow citizens, I am...
Na Gi Chul, who used to be a candidate for...
the 19th presidential election from Shindaehan Party.
I am not dead. I am still alive.
I will come back soon...
and reveal all the truth.
I'm Na Gi Chul, a candidate for the 19th presidential election...
from Shindaehan Party.
I am not dead. I am still alive.
I will come back soon...
and reveal all the truth.
("I Will Reveal the Whole Truth", Na Gi Chul's Announcement)
Fellow citizens, I am...
Na Gi Chul, who used to be a candidate for...
the 19th presidential election from Shindaehan Party.
The whereabouts of Congressman Na who announced...
that he's alive are still unknown.
The police are checking the authenticity of the video...
and looking for the individual responsible for the upload.
Moving onto the next news.
(Mo Hyun)
The phone is turned off. Please leave a message after the beep.
Secretary Ahn.
I'm leaving the hospital now.
Yes, sir.
("I Will Reveal the Whole Truth", Na Gi Chul's Announcement)
I can't believe her father is alive and well.
Boo Cheon...
must be in great shock.
I'll be back, ma'am.
("I Will Reveal the Whole Truth", Na Gi Chul's Announcement)
(Mooshimwon)
I found out from the news too.
Na Mo Hyun's cell phone is turned off.
I'm at Congressman Na's house, but no one is here.
Bring in Attorney Kang.
What's your problem now?
This wasn't my doing, sir.
Then who's behind this?
I'm on it now.
Didn't I tell you that he can open his eyes...
but must not open his mouth?
Schedule a visit to see Seong Man tomorrow.
President Jang's questioning...
will end tonight,
and he'll return home with suspension of confinement.
He will be prosecuted and stand trial...
without being held in the detention center.
What?
- Then... - I imprisoned President Jang...
during the meeting with stockholders...
because he got in the way of my plan to become the chairman.
I wondered whom this nasty lowlife takes after.
He takes after me in every way.
Take it back.
I'm giving it back as a celebratory gift for your chairmanship.
I think Soo Man gave you this necklace...
because he wanted you to use it as a token.
He probably wanted you to show this to me...
when you met me.
Who knew that his time in this world would be so brief?
And...
your mother's will.
Take it. And read it thoroughly again.
If you can't understand the will your mother left,
I wonder how you passed the bar exam with that brain of yours.
You got discharged.
My father-in-law.
The day we got into the car accident.
The house you followed Mo Hyun to.
I had kept him there.
I showed him to Mo Hyun that day for the first time.
And now?
I don't know where he is now.
Are you trying to beat me again?
For the safety of Congressman Na,
I think...
his family decided to take care of him themselves.
At the funeral for my father-in-law who had been alive all along,
I had to hold his photo.
Do you know how much...
Why on earth did you do this?
Boo Cheon.
Honorary Chairman Jang...
pulled off the respirator of Vice Chairman Jang Soo Man...
who was still breathing.
But you should've at least told me.
The more people knew about it, the more dangerous it'd be for him.
What does that mean?
Are you saying that I'd put my father-in-law in danger?
No one can predict that.
Danger is something we cannot predict.
If you're done, you should go.
The prosecution...
won't leave him alone. What's your plan?
Boo Cheon.
When I gave your mother my last report,
I was done being Cheong A's dog.
So...
I should ask someone else?
You said that Uncle Jang would take the fall for bribing Congressman Na.
We were going to submit the false diary with dates of money transfer.
We'll have to see if Congressman Na will stick to the plan.
- Or... - Or he will...
take you and Grandfather down?
It's possible that Executive Jung might be affected too.
Pil Joo.
Now that you are not working for me and my mom anymore,
let me ask you a favor.
Boo Cheon.
Is that how you ask for a favor?
Don't you dare leak that I'm not a Jang to the press.
If I have to resign the chairmanship and leave Mooshimwon,
being a Jang is the only thing I have left.
I have lived for 37 years as a Jang.
And I can't...
live as a nobody now.
Please. I'm begging you.
Pil Joo.
I'm glad that...
Grandfather hates that kind of scandals.
So does Mom.
I am not dead. I am still alive.
I will come back soon...
and reveal all the truth.
Did you call Attorney Kang?
I will tell him later.
And Dad,
Pil Joo has become...
the chairman of Cheong A while you were unconscious.
We...
might have to fight against Pil Joo.
Fabricated marriage.
I have evidence that Kang Pil Joo fabricated everything...
from the first meeting of...
Na Mo Hyun and Jang Boo Cheon.
My father only held onto that evidence...
because he was afraid.
But I'm different.
Congressman Na.
Let me give you a simple advice.
As atoning for lying to your daughter until now,
don't you think...
ending your life now...
is the best solution.
(Jang Yeo Cheon)
We'll get to see an unusual scene of...
a grandfather and grandson getting arrested together...
on the same charge.
Mo Hyun.
Neither you, your mother,
Congressman Na, or Doo Hyun...
ask me...
for the reason.
When I found where you lived and came to see you here,
I told myself not to ask anything.
That's probably what everyone else thought.
No one...
would think Congressman Na...
is at Aide Yang Sang Do's house.
You can pay the debt in your heart...
by protecting my father.
Pil Joo.
Mo Hyun.
The video...
was to protect my father.
If the whole nation knows my father is alive,
Chairman Jang Kook Hwan...
wouldn't try to harm him.
Your plan has succeeded for now.
People...
are getting interested in Congressman Na's survival.
Chairman Jang Kook Hwan...
wouldn't try to make a move hastily.
Still, you always have to be careful.
Check if anyone is following you.
Okay.
That's what I'm doing.
I use public transportation.
I transfer several times.
You're doing a good job on protecting Congressman Na.
My father has a strong will...
to recover and reveal the truth.
So...
he's recovering very fast.
That's great.
I've wondered...
why you'd saved Father...
and disguised the death...
when it'd have been disadvantageous for you...
if ever he recovered.
I've earned the answer...
after thinking about it for several times.
You felt bad...
about my happy marriage breaking...
due to Boo Cheon's affair.
So...
you wanted me to avoid the misfortune of my father's death.
That's why.
But...
I've started a fight...
despite all you did for me.
So that my father and I...
have power...
to live a new life...
by revealing the truth.
Don't you...
regret it?
Congressman Na...
will need to see the doctor constantly.
Call the doctor...
and keep getting him checked.
The doctor...
is your close friend.
I have to fight against Cheong A.
I don't think...
I should get any help from you.
Thank you...
for helping my father...
until now.
And...
I'm sorry.
Mom.
You know the mountain your father gave me near Pangyo.
I'll build a house better than Mooshimwon there.
I...
probably can't live for ever in Mooshimwon.
If I have to leave Mooshimwon,
I'll leave lying in a coffin.
I will never...
walk out of Mooshimwon on my feet.
Mom. That's not living. That's holding out.
I'm going to...
bring Pil Joo off from the chairman position...
and pull Grandfather out from Cheong A.
I've already talked to your uncle...
to divide up Cheong A.
Cheong A could survive...
with the help of my father.
Cheong A belongs to us, Boo Cheon.
With your shares and mine,
we can live the rest of our lives with no worries.
Boo Cheon.
That's not living.
You have a chance to be in a higher position than other people.
Why would you...
avoid that chance? Why would you give it to someone else?
Your marriage...
may have ended in a divorce,
but thankfully...
your father-in-law's giving you the last chance.
I'm going to say Kang Pil Joo planned everything...
to become the chairman of Cheong A.
It's the truth.
He persuaded me...
to make you and Congressman Na's daughter...
get married.
Mom. Cheong A...
received so many benefits and grew a lot...
through that marriage for the past five years.
Pil Joo didn't earn anything from it.
What do you mean?
He became the chairman of Cheong A after all.
I'm going to...
tell the world...
Pil Joo took...
the distribution shares I gave him...
by force.
10-million-dollar tax evasion?
That's nothing.
Chairman Won of Taesan Group...
got caught for 100 million tax evasion,
but he only received probation.
Just say you'll pay the forfeit...
and stand trial sincerely.
Sure.
Father.
Didn't you call me...
to talk about something else?
Sure.
Why don't you tell me?
I'd like to enjoy the benefit of having a good son.
I don't really understand...
You mean about Congressman Na...
Correct.
No matter what Congressman Na reveals,
I need you to actively get involved on behalf of Cheong A...
and take care of it.
Congressman Na decided to take his own life...
because he agreed to my idea...
when I desperately pleaded with him.
It was you...
who had to be sent to prison.
I saved you last time,
so now you should cover for me.
It's your turn.
You gave way to Pil Joo...
and failed to get back the president post.
Your incompetency...
makes me hard to trust you and work with you...
as a partner.
Speaking of my incompetency,
let me tell you what's even worse.
Regarding Congressman Na's case,
I'll be investigated by the prosecution for Father.
As I couldn't ignore Father's request as his son,
so I came to see you.
We must put our heads together to find a silver bullet...
so that we can share Cheong A together.
Seong Man,
let's deal with it...
by playing different roles.
I will drag Pil Joo down,
and you will take care of Congressman Na.
Congressman Na...
made public that he's still alive,
and it'll work in our favor...
because it made the political fund scandal...
between Cheong A and him come to the fore...
which had been almost forgotten by the public.
While the scandal is in the public eye,
I'll tell the world...
that Kang Pil Joo plotted all this...
in order to become Cheong A's chairman...
by all means.
Then...
Congressman Na will...
That's right.
We will use him...
as a tool...
to ignite the public interest only.
We should no longer let him speak as he wants.
After Pil Joo is...
ousted as chairman,
you can let Yeo Cheon take the chairman post then.
However,
you and I will take...
40 and 60 percent of Cheong A shares respectively...
as I am the one...
who will make a greater contribution to dragging Pil Joo out.
Check all the surveillance cameras in Seoul if needed.
We must find him by the end of the day.
Yes, sir.
Pil Joo.
Why did you want to see me at this late hour?
You said you won't come,
but here you are.
You played the file...
that recorded Yeo Cheon's mistake with Congressman Na,
so I had no choice but to come.
When will you quit this silly game?
It only makes both of us weary.
I have a gift for you.
I secured...
all the circumstantial evidence that you instigated...
the murder of Congressman Na.
Your son is on a charge of instigating suicide,
and you're on a charge of instigating murder.
I have enough evidence.
I'll tell you...
when to appear at the police station.
Wait patiently...
until then.
This is...
a warning.
Welcome.
I owe you...
a lot again.
Ms. Na's decision to attract...
the public attention...
by disclosing that you're alive was right.
So...
now that we made it public,
I thought it'd be better...
to treat you at Cheong A Hospital.
If anything bad happens to Dad...
in here,
Cheong A is responsible for it.
Ironically, I find this place safer...
than I thought.
Thank you for taking care of everything.
You're welcome.
The media will...
cover the news that you're at Cheong A Hospital...
shortly.
The more...
people pay attention to Cheong A and you,
the safer you will be.
Sir,
I hope you get better soon.
(Mooshimjae)
Why did you bring that?
Are you here to see your grandfather as you're discharged?
Let me see.
You're all right now, right?
I am.
Didn't Grandfather...
tell you to send me back?
He adores you so much.
Why would he say that?
He praised your inaugural address so many times.
Please go in. I'll go get some tea.
I've kept it safely just as the way you gave me.
Now I'm returning it to you.
[VIU Ver] E23 Money Flower "Don't You Regret?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I'm glad you're here, Attorney Kang.
You haven't been here for a while.
- Please fix something up for me. - Hold on.
You knew that he'd be coming.
That's why you told me to cook mushroom stew, his favorite.
I didn't have her cook it for you.
Since Boo Cheon has been discharged, you should move out...
of the house this following weekend.
Is this house yours?
Who are you to tell me to move out?
It's part of my plan...
to kick you out of Mooshimwon.
You will be arrested for murdering Secretary Oh soon.
Wouldn't it be humiliating to be arrested in front of Ms. Icheon?
I will...
save your face.
I returned the abacus to Grandfather.
Good job.
It's nothing anyway.
It's made public...
that Congressman Na is being treated at Cheong A Hospital.
The former congressman has decided that...
paradoxically Cheong A Hospital is the safest place.
The former congressman disclosed his reason for the transfer.
- Kang Pil Joo. - Who would backstab Cheong A...
if it's not Kang Pil Joo?
Secretary Ahn, get ready to go out.
Mom.
Where are you going?
Since Pil Joo made a move,
don't you think...
I should reciprocate his move?
You have been keeping silence until the news of Congressman Na.
Why are you breaking your silence now?
After watching Congressman Na's bravery,
I thought that...
keeping quiet was an act of a coward.
What is the truth between Congressman Na and Cheong A?
Please elaborate on the incident with the illegal political fund.
How did Congressman Na manage to stay alive?
Why do you think only Cheong A suffers from such scandals as this?
- Please make a comment. - Answer our questions!
(Sales from Branches in the US)
Executive Jung, voluntary appearance.
("Executive Jung Voluntarily Shows Up at the Prosecutors' Office")
The person behind everything is...
the current chairman of Cheong A's holding company,
Kang Pil Joo.
Chairman Kang Pil Joo has driven out the former chairman unfairly...
and stolen the chairmanship.
I believe exposing his illegal acts is the best way to clear this up.
(Yong Goo)
Pil Joo, it's only been...
12 hours since Congressman Na's video was uploaded, and...
Jung Mal Ran made a move already. She's not an easy mark.
Let's request an investigation for Secretary Oh's murder...
and get her arrested.
Prepare it, so we can use that card...
at any time.
Sir, there's a flood of executives' requests for an explanation...
about Executive Jung's statement.
How should I handle this?
Give the press the company's position.
Tell them the statement Executive Jung made...
is far from the truth...
and that the company will take legal action...
for spreading a rumor.
And anyone from Jang's family...
must not attempt to tarnish the chairman...
the board of executives has elected.
Have you had breakfast?
I had a big breakfast since I thought it'd take long.
I appreciate your visit.
I was in charge of this case.
I had to close the case due to Congressman Na's sudden death.
I was very disappointed to close the case.
I can...
help you get rid of half the disappointment you suffered.
Only half?
Congressman Na must resolve the other half.
Yes, Pil Joo.
Prosecutor Kim took the case because it was his case before the suicide.
He was very interested in the case regarding the political bribe.
It's a case that would put him on track for promotion.
Pil Joo, this is causing us a headache. Come up.
I brought you coffee.
Jung Mal Ran is doing her best to torment you.
Do you still want to keep the chairmanship?
Yes.
I plan to keep it.
The chairmanship of Cheong A.
After becoming the chairman,
I realized what I should be doing.
Regardless of the title of a legitimate son...
or a son born out of wedlock,
someone who is competent...
should be the chairman.
I'm showing the world that this is how it ought to be.
I will...
be the first precedent of that.
That's why...
you are always so focused on the 10-year plan...
of developing Cheong A.
You want to be a true leader who will grow Cheong A.
I can guarantee your competence if anyone asks me.
Pil Joo, after you do a good job of leading Cheong A,
you should be a professional CEO...
and go to job interviews.
And get a job at a competing company of Cheong A...
and destroy Cheong A.
Good things will happen to you, Executive Jung.
The questioning ended earlier than I thought...
since you were very willing to cooperate.
Now, you're free to go home, ma'am.
Right. When Kang Pil Joo extorted...
the shares of Daeil Distribution from you,
please tell me the measures Kang Pil Joo took for the cause.
Tell me if he physically abused you.
Kang Pil Joo...
knew my weakness and blackmailed me.
By weakness...
You're home, ma'am.
Should I prepare lunch?
I had gukbap at the prosecutors' office.
The food must have been difficult for you to have.
You probably didn't eat much.
No, I had it all.
There's no word from Mooshimjae?
No.
I think everything is fine.
So Executive Jung said such things in front of the prosecutor.
Okay, Ha Young Do.
Yong Goo.
Pay close attention to online news.
If you see any news about Executive Jung,
delete all of it.
It tastes good.
Ms. Icheon has fried it snack herself.
Executive Jung told her to make it nice for you.
What's wrong?
It's too sweet.
But you've been eating it well.
So there is no news about...
Cheong A today at all?
No, sir. It's very quiet today.
If there is, I would have read it for you by now.
It can't be good that there's no news.
Don't read news to him today.
Why not?
Mom's going to the prosecutor's office today.
Where are you going?
I'll brush my teeth.
Executive Jung Mal Ran who has made voluntary appearance...
at the prosecutor's office today has said something shocking.
Yes, she did.
As per what Executive Jung from Cheong A Group who has...
made a voluntary appearance at the prosecutor's office...
said the current president Kang Pil Joo couldn't have been...
the president with his own skills and performances.
She said he's become the president because he's a son out of wedlock...
of the former president, Jang Soo Man who has passed away.
That's why Kang Pil Joo had preferential treatments.
Right.
Jang Boo Cheon, the former president...
is not the actual son of...
the late former president, Jang Soo Man.
Executive Jung said that the former president Jang Boo Cheon...
was forced to resign regardless of his excellent performances.
She was also threatened about this and,
her shares of Daeil Distribution...
were taken away by force.
It's said as per her claim.
There were many people who said it's quite surprising that...
Kang Pil Joo was selected as the new president.
It will be now difficult for them to deny the fact that they've done...
this to continue their inheritance among the Jang's family.
More people are sympathizing with Executive Jung...
saying that she must have been forced to do so many things...
so that she eventually had to disclose this news.
Will the last question about Cheong A's scandal be...
answered because of...
Executive Jung's disclosure?
The scandal about Cheong A Group is getting the attention...
because of Congressman Na Gi Chul's survival news.
(Mo Hyun)
I have to be on...
such a scandalous news...
for you to call me.
Boo Cheon.
I'm...
not the son of my father.
But...
I'll be his son until I die.
Until I die.
Could you keep it as a secret...
until the death?
Get out of Mooshimwon...
right now even if you get to live alone.
It will be good for you to live...
far away from your mother.
Mom is trying every way...
to win over Pil Joo.
She doesn't think about me at all.
I've lost everything.
The only thing left for me was that I was the eldest grandson.
My mom threw that in the trash bin.
Pil Joo has no mercy.
There were only two things he could choose since you saved him.
It was either to take a revenge...
or go back to the river.
He's out of his senses.
Let's not meet up again.
It's the first time we're seeing each other since our divorce.
It's driving me mad to realize...
that I have lost you.
Please throw it away for me.
I can't leave it at home.
Thank you for calling...
and worrying about me.
Please don't call me...
even if you hear about me.
Boo Cheon.
If we get to meet up next time,
I don't think I can...
let you go back alone.
That is why.
I heard that your shop and home were connected.
Pil Joo chose a good place for you.
I've seen the news.
You've lost to Kang Pil Joo on your president position.
There's no more reason for you to beg me anymore.
I want to see Executive Jung...
who has treated me so bad...
when she's not even the Jang's family.
Hey...
Seo Won.
I hope Ha Jung stays as...
Yoon Ha Jung.
I came to say this.
Yoon is the real surname.
I hope Ha Jung has...
an actual surname...
instead of my fake surname, Jang.
Even if his surname is Yoon,
he'll get the inheritance because he is my son.
I'll get my will written...
regarding...
his inheritance.
(Jung Mal Ran at the prosecutor's office)
I can't stop the news from getting spread.
This is pointless.
Take action on Secretary Oh's case.
(Mooshimwon)
This is Executive Jung Mal Ran's cell phone.
I'm calling from Incheon Jungbu police station.
Can I talk to Ms. Jung Mal Ran now?
What's the matter?
I'm her son.
Tell her to call us back.
Or we have to move.
What is the matter?
I can't tell you. It's her privacy.
Tell her it's about Oh Ki Pyung.
Mom. The police station wants you to call them.
It's about Secretary Oh.
Kang Pil Joo.
How dare you...
Ms. Jung Mal Ran? This is the police station.
The doctor told him...
he must go to the hospital,
but he said he's too embarrassed...
to leave Mooshimwon.
Pil Joo.
You won.
I've decided to go to the police station.
Let's have a farewell drink.
Secretary Ahn.
That's not it.
Those flowers don't match the theme today.
You know what?
Boo Cheon's biological father,
Secretary Oh's death...
was the best bonus...
you ever gave me.
Thanks to that,
my revenge is done...
faster and fuller.
Pil Joo.
Both of us...
will leave Mooshimwon...
lying in the coffin side by side.
Right.
You and I...
shared poisonous drink.
Pil Joo.
How was...
my acting?
Fortunately,
there is still someone who worries about you...
in Mooshimwon.
Executive Jung,
your life isn't yours.
You'll have to...
pay for your wrongdoings in prison.
Taking your own life is not...
part of my plan.
Detectives will...
get here soon.
(Money Flower)